I see trees of green
[Music]
red roses too I see the moon for me and
and I think to myself
[Music]
are you dr. Dolittle
we've no choice but embark on this
perilous journey
I'm unavailable you can talk to animals
yes
[Music]
it's okay to be scared
hello daddy I love love this is very bad
somehow we just belong together
[Music]
to myself one day for nobody told me
there be a dragon
[Music]
[Applause]
come on yeah
it's okay
Oh
[Music]
I don't like him all the way up here
there's nothing left
there are people out there worth saving
[Music]
yeah
people that are left another kind of
people where it's a I'm cold Gretel and
that's what one here is my brother
Hansel tell me the fairy tale again it's
too scary you know start seeing things
that aren't there
[Applause]
[Music]
you've been turned out of your home set
out to fend for yourselves with only
your clothes in your hives I'm hungry
I'm hungrier than you are closer a pig
[Music]
it's no cake
tariffs over that dia I'd hate for you
to start something you can't stop please
make your acquaintance
I'm cold wet Oh miss rough one here is
my brother Hansel something you're only
here but it's so pleasant where are all
the animals and where does she draw milk
[Music]
mrs. Stein comments
this is your power to see what has
hidden him to take whatever necessary
death the same magic did you Joy's help
others his left is to make when you wake
up you don't know that today be the day
to change your life
grace please tell me what happened what
did he do to you
[Music]
I've been so lonely since my divorce I
can't love somebody wanna be loved you
need to get him out this house and meet
somebody give the CDs in the night light
and the best lighting in the room is
right here
hey hey is a beautiful serene
tell me something I mean I know you've
had many young women I was just
wondering why me
shouldn't the question be why not
I was falling hard I didn't know that a
man could be that perfect the
environment was a well and it stuck
that's when everything I knew what are
you talking to
Grayson they don't like being checked up
on
mr. Clyde would like to see you in the
conference room right away okay you have
24 hours to return the money well you're
going to jail what
somebody got into my account they got my
passwords somebody has stolen my
identity I can't believe you do this to
me I'm the husband you know the laws of
this state the money's mine chef Fox you
made this to me I'm your age low-hanging
fruit
we're outside the Holloway Correctional
Facility where grace waters is being
held something isn't adding up I swear
wasn't on my body
he's gone so there's so much more of a
story did you use something and you
didn't tell the police
that's a car right
[Music]
and to our friends are you covering for
her objection your honor
this is unfit it's your job to walk into
that courtroom and make it fair
[Music]
don't make me go back to see the devil
won't you tell them I come in
[Music]
evening they're doing a sweep of a
neighborhood for some kids involved in
nearby gang shooting ready to come
inside take a look around
army illegals I've seen your kids stay
safe
are you hungry
I think it'd be safer if you posted a
here for a while
trust me I'm not a killer I'm shy
[Applause]
got a way about jump jump shot the devil
we found out we got the same blood
coursing through our veins heavy lies
the crown
watch how I keep it they'll walk up
superhuman
not anymore
[Music]
so what you gonna do you know why I
named each other when you was born
my boss Paul
to
[Music]
you should know I'm not done what you
gonna do it on this trip
[Music]
[Applause]
hello my name is father Rodriguez and
I'm offering you the best use of those
in order for the league hey what are you
doing there
get out of the car I am making a
commercial I was getting to the awesome
want to do me a favor
go home
nobody relatives stay with monsters back
boyfriend I'd like number four social
services no you take her there I'm never
gonna see her again okay this is not
about you this kid needs a part a
$20,000 get my cars back from the bank
[Music]
[Applause]
not income I have no home
how you do it will take its flavored
flavored is a big seller criminal um a
car system without any cars
where's the father if I take her to is
he going to understand God would have
come to him do what you got to do you
out of your mind
[Music]
either I just saw somebody taking money
from church or I'm witnessing a miracle
careful
right
you jo-jo and then a kind man that's him
[Applause]
[Music]
solution
even losers one Sunday
you